DOCSP-28802 Add Enable Autocomplete Task Page (#84)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-vscode: source/enable-autocomplete.txt

.. _vs-code-enable-autocomplete:

===================

> Enable Autocomplete

Reviewer: This is not exactly correct. The autocomplete in playgrounds is enabled by default. The only exception is autocomplete within strings and vscode snippets. Those are turned off not by our extension, but by vscode itself for better performance. I am not sure if we want to recommend users to always configure the `editor.quickSuggestions` setting because it will affect not only MongoDB playgrounds but all files that users open in vscode, which can affect the performance of vscode. We can explain to them how to do it (if they often require autocomplete in strings), but also warn them about the consequences. See how we described it in our extension readme https://github.com/mongodb-js/vscode?tab=readme-ov-file#autocomplete

Author: I added a disclaimer about this in the about this task section. I also clarified the option of use the keyboard shortcut instead, in the same section instead of at the end of the task.

Reviewer: Would it be more clear for readers if we reflect this I the title as well? Currently, it makes an impression that we need to enable autocomplete for the whole extension.

Author: I updated the page title to `Enable String Literal Autocomplete` to reflect this.

.. _vs-code-enable-autocomplete:

====================

> Enable Auto Complete

Reviewer 2: Looks like we write "autocomplete" as one word in the rest of the page.

====================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

You can enable autocomplete for MongoDB Playgrounds. Enabling 

> autocomplete allows you to automatically populate database and collection 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
autocomplete lets you automatically populate database and collection 
```

names when using ``use("")`` or 
``db.getCollection("")`` syntax within a MongoDB playground.

Before you Begin
----------------

Install the :ref:`MongoDB VSCode extension <vsce-install>`.

Steps
-----

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

   .. step:: Open Settings.json
     
      In VSCode, open the command palette:

      .. list-table::
         :header-rows: 1
         :widths: 30 70

         * - Operating System
           - Keyboard Command

         * - Windows
           - :kbd:`CTRL` + :kbd:`SHIFT` + :kbd:`P`

         * - MacOS
           - :kbd:`CMD` + :kbd:`SHIFT` + :kbd:`P`

      Enter :guilabel:`Open User Settings (JSON)` and select the option 
      from the autocompleted list:

      .. figure:: /images/vsce-command-palette-json-settings.png
         :figwidth: 700px
         :alt: Image of a stream connection

>    .. step:: Add the autocomplete snippet to the ``Settings.json`` file

Reviewer 2: Suggest removing monospace from step title.

```suggestion
   .. step:: Add the autocomplete snippet to the Settings.json file
```

     
      Copy the following code snippet:

      .. code-block::

         "editor.quickSuggestions": {
            "other": true,
            "comments": false,
            "strings": true
         }

      Paste the code into the ``Settings.json`` file:

>       .. figure:: /images/vsce-add-snippet-json-settings.png

Reviewer 2: It's up to you, but I don't think this screenshot adds much value. I'd say we can delete it and just say "Paste the code into the ``Settings.json`` file.

Author: I do hate to include 1 additional screenshot myself, but the value add is the positioning of the snippet within the ``setting.json`` file. I am trying to reinforce with the screenshot that you can paste the snippet right before the closing ``}`` to alleviate any user confusion on where exactly it should go.

         :figwidth: 700px
         :alt: Image of a stream connection

   .. step:: Test the autocompletion feature

      In a new playground file connected to your deployment, 

>       type the first two characters of a collection name between  

Reviewer 2: This functionality works for me after typing a single letter for a collection name.

<img width="577" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-08 at 11 34 41 AM" src="https://github.com/mongodb/docs-mongodb-vscode/assets/29379027/cb1978f1-0ce6-4868-a096-5560023cba92">

Author: Updated the first example verbiage and screenshot to show that only a single character is necessary here.

      ``db.getCollection("")`` and click the full name to populate 
      the collection name:

      .. figure:: /images/vsce-get-collection-auto-complete.png
         :figwidth: 700px
         :alt: Get collection autocomplete

      You can also autocomplete database names by typing the first 
      character of a database name in-between the ``use("")`` statement:

      .. figure:: /images/vsce-use-database-auto-complete.png
         :figwidth: 700px

>          :alt: Use database autocomplete

Reviewer 2: Not sure if this screenshot is needed. I feel like users get the idea after seeing the first screenshot with the collection name example.

Author: Removed.

      .. tip::

         You can also press :kbd:`Ctrl` + :kbd:`Space` on your keyboard 

>          to autocomplete.

Reviewer 2: I wasn't able to get this to work. I'm trying to press ctrl + space here:

<img width="577" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-08 at 11 34 41 AM" src="https://github.com/mongodb/docs-mongodb-vscode/assets/29379027/9441ea77-e7fe-4d04-8e3a-e9cf214b8c36">

Author: Yeah, this was working for me Friday, but does not seem to be working for me today. I will check with Alena in TR to see whats up, I thought it may have been my environment only.
